documentation/compatibility .md, before:

# https://spartan.top
 
## messages.yml Example
```
NameOfCompatibility: # The name of the compatibility
  enabled: true # Enabled judges whether a compatibility will become functional if detected to exist or forced
  force: false # Force will attempt to make a compatibility functional regardless if it exists (potential errors)
```

## messages.yml File
```
AdvancedAbilities:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CrackShot:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CrackShotPlus:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CraftBook:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MagicSpells:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ProtocolLib:
  enabled: true
  force: false
mcMMO:
  enabled: true
  force: false
TreeFeller:
  enabled: true
  force: false
VeinMiner:
  enabled: true
  force: false
GrapplingHook:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MineBomb:
  enabled: true
  force: false
SuperPickaxe:
  enabled: true
  force: false
RealDualWield:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MythicMobs:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ItemAttributes:
  enabled: true
  force: false
PrinterMode:
  enabled: true
  force: false
Vehicles:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MineTinker:
  enabled: true
  force: false
WildTools:
  enabled: false
  force: false
AureliumSkills:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CustomEncahntsPlus:
  enabled: true
  force: false
EcoEnchants:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ItemsAdder:
  enabled: true
  force: false
RampenDrills:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ProjectKorra:
  enabled: true
  force: false
AdvancedEnchantments:
  enabled: true
  force: false
```

## Compatibilities
Item Attributes: 1.9+ Minecraft built-in feature <b>(PARTIAL)</b><br>
CustomEnchantPlus: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/72678/<br>
CraftBook: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/2083/<br>
CrackShot: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/crackshot/<br>
TreeFeller: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/20385/<br>
NoHitDelay: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/nohitdelay/<br>
VeinMiner: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/12038/<br>
RampenDrills: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/23086/<br>
KitBattle Advanced: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/2872/<br>
Grappling Hook: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/22854/<br>
CrackShotPlus: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/18085/<br>
MineBomb: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/10605/<br>
SmashHit: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/39495/<br>
SuperPickaxe: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/50349/<br>
RealDualWield: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/30816/<br>
OldCombatMechanics: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/19510/<br>
Floodgate/Geyser: https://geysermc.org/<br>
WildTools: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/60649/<br>
KnockbackMaster: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/42721/<br>
ItemsAdder: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/73355/<br>
mcMMO: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/64348/<br>
AureliumSkills: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/81069/<br>
EcoEnchants: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/79573/ <b>(PARTIAL)</b><br>
PrinterMode: http://www.mc-market.org/resources/6898/<br>
ProjectKorra: https://projectkorra.com/forum/resources/1/<br>
Essentials: http://essentialsx.net<br>
MythicMobs: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/5702/<br>
MyPet: https://github.com/MyPetORG/MyPet/releases<br>
MagicSpells: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/magicspells/<br>
Vehicles: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/12446/<br>
Factions: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/1900/<br>
Oraxen: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/72448/<br>
ShopGUI+/ShopGUIPlus: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/6515/<br>
DeluxeMenu / DeluxeMenus: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/11734/<br>
MinigameMaker: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/54505/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
RunesEnchant: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/19363/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
CrazyEnchantments: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/16470/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
DeluxeCombat: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/63970/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
AntiCheat Replay: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/97845/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
AdvancedEnchantments: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/43058/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b>

### Incompatibilities
Using server forks other than Spigot, Paper, Purpur & Folia. <b>(Ask the development team for specifics)</b><br>
Irregular/Abnormal/Non-Vanilla Minecraft clients. <b>(Ex: Badlion, Lunar, e.t.c)</b><br>
Modifications that create client-sided blocks. <b>(Ex. BlockChange Packets)</b><br>
Modifications in combat, movement, building or other vanilla events. <b>(Ex. Script-Based Features, Abilities)</b><br>
Modifications that affect block interaction out of a player's line of sight. <b>(Ex. Minecraft Pocket Edition Combat/Building)</b><br>
Irregular/Non-vanilla/Unknown Minecraft enchantments. <b>(Ex: Unsupported Enchantment Plugins)</b><br>
1.7-1.12.2 forward compatibility to 1.13+ <b>(Ex. Player Swimming, Replaced Blocks, Different Hit-Boxes)</b><br>
Irregular amounts of clicks caused by special mouse features. <b>(Ex. Butterfly Clicking, Jitter Clicking)</b><br>
Screenshot functionality spam causing quick & temporary freezing. <b>(Ex. Taking many screenshots at a similar time)</b><br>
Using Minecraft’s control options in irregular ways. <b>(Ex. Assigning movement control to mouse for faster movement)</b>

Commit message:

Update compatibility documentation with notes
Add note about potential variability in options.

documentation/compatibility .md, after:

# https://spartan.top
 
## messages.yml Example
```
NameOfCompatibility: # The name of the compatibility
  enabled: true # Enabled judges whether a compatibility will become functional if detected to exist or forced
  force: false # Force will attempt to make a compatibility functional regardless if it exists (potential errors)
```

## messages.yml File
```
AdvancedAbilities:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CrackShot:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CrackShotPlus:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CraftBook:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MagicSpells:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ProtocolLib:
  enabled: true
  force: false
mcMMO:
  enabled: true
  force: false
TreeFeller:
  enabled: true
  force: false
VeinMiner:
  enabled: true
  force: false
GrapplingHook:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MineBomb:
  enabled: true
  force: false
SuperPickaxe:
  enabled: true
  force: false
RealDualWield:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MythicMobs:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ItemAttributes:
  enabled: true
  force: false
PrinterMode:
  enabled: true
  force: false
Vehicles:
  enabled: true
  force: false
MineTinker:
  enabled: true
  force: false
WildTools:
  enabled: false
  force: false
AureliumSkills:
  enabled: true
  force: false
CustomEncahntsPlus:
  enabled: true
  force: false
EcoEnchants:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ItemsAdder:
  enabled: true
  force: false
RampenDrills:
  enabled: true
  force: false
ProjectKorra:
  enabled: true
  force: false
AdvancedEnchantments:
  enabled: true
  force: false
```
(There may be more or less options, please be aware)

## Compatibilities
Item Attributes: 1.9+ Minecraft built-in feature <b>(PARTIAL)</b><br>
CustomEnchantPlus: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/72678/<br>
CraftBook: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/2083/<br>
CrackShot: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/crackshot/<br>
TreeFeller: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/20385/<br>
NoHitDelay: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/nohitdelay/<br>
VeinMiner: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/12038/<br>
RampenDrills: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/23086/<br>
KitBattle Advanced: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/2872/<br>
Grappling Hook: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/22854/<br>
CrackShotPlus: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/18085/<br>
MineBomb: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/10605/<br>
SmashHit: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/39495/<br>
SuperPickaxe: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/50349/<br>
RealDualWield: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/30816/<br>
OldCombatMechanics: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/19510/<br>
Floodgate/Geyser: https://geysermc.org/<br>
WildTools: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/60649/<br>
KnockbackMaster: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/42721/<br>
ItemsAdder: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/73355/<br>
mcMMO: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/64348/<br>
AureliumSkills: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/81069/<br>
EcoEnchants: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/79573/ <b>(PARTIAL)</b><br>
PrinterMode: http://www.mc-market.org/resources/6898/<br>
ProjectKorra: https://projectkorra.com/forum/resources/1/<br>
Essentials: http://essentialsx.net<br>
MythicMobs: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/5702/<br>
MyPet: https://github.com/MyPetORG/MyPet/releases<br>
MagicSpells: http://dev.bukkit.org/projects/magicspells/<br>
Vehicles: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/12446/<br>
Factions: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/1900/<br>
Oraxen: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/72448/<br>
ShopGUI+/ShopGUIPlus: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/6515/<br>
DeluxeMenu / DeluxeMenus: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/11734/<br>
MinigameMaker: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/54505/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
RunesEnchant: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/19363/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
CrazyEnchantments: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/16470/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
DeluxeCombat: http://www.spigotmc.org/resources/63970/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
AntiCheat Replay: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/97845/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b><br>
AdvancedEnchantments: https://www.spigotmc.org/resources/43058/ <b>(THIRD-PARTY)</b>

### Incompatibilities
Using server forks other than Spigot, Paper, Purpur & Folia. <b>(Ask the development team for specifics)</b><br>
Irregular/Abnormal/Non-Vanilla Minecraft clients. <b>(Ex: Badlion, Lunar, e.t.c)</b><br>
Modifications that create client-sided blocks. <b>(Ex. BlockChange Packets)</b><br>
Modifications in combat, movement, building or other vanilla events. <b>(Ex. Script-Based Features, Abilities)</b><br>
Modifications that affect block interaction out of a player's line of sight. <b>(Ex. Minecraft Pocket Edition Combat/Building)</b><br>
Irregular/Non-vanilla/Unknown Minecraft enchantments. <b>(Ex: Unsupported Enchantment Plugins)</b><br>
1.7-1.12.2 forward compatibility to 1.13+ <b>(Ex. Player Swimming, Replaced Blocks, Different Hit-Boxes)</b><br>
Irregular amounts of clicks caused by special mouse features. <b>(Ex. Butterfly Clicking, Jitter Clicking)</b><br>
Screenshot functionality spam causing quick & temporary freezing. <b>(Ex. Taking many screenshots at a similar time)</b><br>
Using Minecraft’s control options in irregular ways. <b>(Ex. Assigning movement control to mouse for faster movement)</b>
